European Space Imaging GmbH

ESA Cat-1 License Agreement



This End User License Agreement is the basis upon which European Space
Imaging GmbH ("European Space Imaging") makes available to the
"Customer" the space-based, remote sensed earth image data product (the
"Product").



These license conditions are understood to be accepted by the data user
by signing the 'ESA Terms and Conditions for Category-1 use' applicable
document version and are only for reference. No additional signature or
confirmation is required.



"Product" means TPM data provided by European Space Imaging as defined
by the Terms and Conditions for the Utilisation of Data under the ESA
Category-1 scheme (V15/01/08).



"Customer" means Category-1 Principal Investigator (Cat-1 PI) certified
by the European Space Agency under the ESA Category-1 scheme and as
defined by the Terms and Conditions for the Utilisation of Data under
the ESA Category-1 scheme (V15/01/08)





Customer accepts and agrees to the terms of this Agreement by doing any
one of the following:  (a) accepting, in whole or in part, a quotation
describing the Product by any means (including the use of Customer's
purchase order, whether or not that purchase order contains inconsistent
terms and conditions); (b) breaking the seal on the package containing
the Product; (c) installing or manipulating the Product on any computer
hardware; (d) making any commercial use of the Product or any material
derived from the Product; (e) damaging or destroying the Product; (e)
retaining the Product for more than 15 days following receipt thereof.



Customer agrees to acquire the Product, as licensee, upon the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, which shall govern all licenses of Product
between European Space Imaging and Customer.



European Space Imaging retains all ownership rights in the Product, and
Customer does not receive any such rights.  European Space Imaging
grants Customer a non-transferable, non-exclusive, pre-paid license to
use the Products as specified below ("the Permitted Use"), and for no
other use.  Under this license, Customer may do the following:



1. GRANT OF LICENSE, PERMITTED USE

Under this license, the Customer may do the following:



a. Distribute works derived from the Product ("Derived Works"). Derived
Works that contain the source image data (pixels) or reasonable
facsimile of the source image data, inherit the copyright and license
restrictions of the source data. Other Derived Works (vector extraction,
classification, etc...) have no restrictions on use and distribution.
Reduced resolution data sets (RRDS) with ratios of 16:1 or higher shall
have no restrictions on use and distribution, but shall contain the
copyright markings.



b. Make the Product available to its consultants, agents and
subcontractors for purposes otherwise consistent with the Permitted Use
and subject to the restrictions herein, and without the right to
transfer, modify, copy or sublicense.



c. Post the Product and Derived Works, with copyright markings, in a
non-downloadable fashion, on an Internet site with the following credit
conspicuously displayed, "Includes material (c) European Space Imaging
GmbH".



2.  COPYRIGHT 

European Space Imaging owns all copyrights on the Product.

The Cat-1 PI agrees that any embodiment of the Products permitted under
this Agreement will contain a notice similar to the following: "Includes
material (c) [production year], European Space Imaging GmbH, all rights
reserved."



3.  MISCELLANEOUS 

This Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of Germany for
products.

The Product can not be provided to any of the following persons or
organisations provided by the following semi annually updated lists:



NOAA License Compliance

Lists of entities with which transactions involving IKONOS imagery are
prohibited:



U.S. Treasury SDN & Blocked Persons:

http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/index.shtml

U.S. Treasury Terrorist Organizations:

http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/programs/index.shtml

U.S. Treasury Narcotics Drug Traffickers List

http://www.ustreas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/programs/narco/drugs.pdf

U.S. Commerce Denied Persons List:

http://www.bis.doc.gov/ComplianceAndEnforcement/ListsToCheck.htm

U.S. Commerce Entities: http://www.bis.doc.gov/Entities/Default.htm

U.S. State Debarred Parties: http://pmddtc.state.gov/country.htm

DENIED PARTIES:

http://www.bis.doc.gov/ComplianceAndEnforcement/ListsToCheck.htm

DENIED COUNTRIES:

http://www.treas.gov/offices/enforcement/ofac/sdn/

